To Do:
=======
	09)	Ghost on inception, should have random speeds.
	15) When the sun sets, the intensity should drop to zero again, this makes a convencing day and night... 
		it will look great with headlights from the car on it...
	17)	The piece of code that regulates the speed of the rising and dropping of the intensity of the sun is not timed correctly. 
	23)	Create different game modes, Kid Mode and Spawn Mode. When the basic game is finished the following games should be implemented. 
		Kid Mode:	Smaller kids, Lucy, Riain and Fa have played Molly and have all found it scary. It would be nice if there was a nice kid 
		friendly version of the game that they could play. 
		Spawn Mode:	Cairbre played this mode, rather invented it, after he played Molly for a while. The idea is that the number of days is used 
		to multiply by some number like 100 or something so that on day one you fight 100 zombies, day 2 you fight 200 etc. But to compensate for this you 
		need to have thousands of rounds of ammo.
	24)	Add a shop so that items can be bought. Male coin drops as well. 
	25) Have the following items in the shop:
			1: Magnet to pull coins towards you. 
			2: Magnet to pull health towards you. 
			3: Magnet to pull ammo towards you. 
			4: Add a cross hair to your gun
	26)	Fix the end of the game where Molly goes straight into a new game when she dies.
	27)	Molly should be able to jump through windows. Make this so in the houses.
	28) There should be different types of ghosts. When a zombie spawns it should be randomly allocated one of these types
			1: Big slow ones that take a few shots to kill. 
			2: Small quick ones that are easy to kill. 
			3: Screamers that throw themselves at you and you can possibly kill them but they move so fast
	29) Zombies should move in a more zig zag manner. 
	30) When you dies it is very punishing on a player that he should have to redo the whole level again. Read - they will not do it agian. 
		Instead the following should happen, every 5 levels you level record should be stored. When you die you will not be given the chance to reload. 
		If you reload you will load up to the previous level that is a multiple of 5. ie - die at 27 start again at 25
	31)	Fix the sun and the moon. When they hit a trigger that they turn off, then on. Should actually be really simple for what would yeald great results
	32)	Count things like zombies killed. Shots taken in this game and in total... pointless but cool stats
	33) Introduce story element into the game... as molly progresses she might get keys that would explain 
	34) Introduce sounds into the game:
			1: When a zombie is approaching. 
			2: When you pic up something
			3: When you are being hurt
			4: Sound of the wind

Done
====
	01)	Kill ghost with gun - There is pretty much a tutorial on this by unity itself at https://unity3d.com/learn/tutorials/topics/scripting/instantiate.
	02)	Make ghosts appear at random spawn points, and number of ghosts to appear depends on level. 
	03)	The camera has to be raised on the top down view.
	04)	Change the area of effect that the ghosts have to be alot bigger... also it needs to be made into a 
		trigger as opposed to the "physical" box collider that it has at the moment. 
	05)	Tidy up the map a little, things that are meant to be physical should be physical, the terraced houses etc, and make a perimeter around the map, 
		anything for now, maybe more of the fence actually, that could add to the fact that this is a military zone or something.
	06)	Make Molly slower.
	07)	Molly should have a stamina bar - Okay, she does not have a bar but it does give a nice clean percent.
	08) Make ghosts faster.
	10)	Give the car proper acceleration and weight... proper physics.
	11)	Give Molly propper weight.
	12)	Molly should be able to run using shift, otherwise walk..	13)	Fix that bloody annoying "Do you want to enter" dialogue!
	14)	Fix the intensity of the sun. When the sun is at its zenith the intensity should be up at like, 3 or something. 


Scrap Idea
==========
	16) To stop the car flying in the air I can put rays on it to see if all 4 of the tires are above a certain height then that means that the car is flying - 
		put a timer on it or something so that the car begins to fall straight away - This was fixed by simply adding more gravity to the world in Project Settings.
			18) Molly should be able to Jump... made this in a tutorial with Cairbre, should be easy enough to do really. 
	19)	Mollys car should be entered when the person hits "F" and when they are within the trigger zone of the car. 
	20) Mollys car should be only able to drive when both of the from wheels are touching something. This way when the car has 
		flipped, the acceleration should stop too. 
	21)	Change the propulsion of the car to "when 'W' is pressed that x force is added to the object". This should make the drive more realistic.
	22) Move gun up and down on Axis of mouse... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZAxgH1dqXw

	
Bug List:
==========






Diary
=====
21:20 30/10/2017
I can't believe it! I have actually gotten a zombie/ghost/other thing to follow me! It works amazingly and it is really creepy... 
I can't imagine what it would be like to have a few of them following you and even at different speeds. Really creepy stuff, 
what is amazing is how easy the whole thing was. I have made the decision to that I will officially have it where one will spawn on night one, 
two will spawn on night two 3 on night three etc. But at the moment, I am delighted. They will spawn at random spawn points. 

07:44 01/11/2017
Nice and early in the morning. I hear the kids walking around but I will try to get some stuff done here before the come in. 
What I would like to do is to set the ghost.. well wait, there are two things that I should be able to do... first is, 
I have to be able to kill the ghosts, so I guess it would be a good idea if Molly was able to kill them sooner rather than later... 
also I would like them to be able to appear as per there level. A few more things. There box collision zone should be alot bigger, 
as in when Molly even gets in contact with them, like near them, it should make her sick. She should have a gun or something too to kill them. 
How is she going to kill these things. I think the simple answer with a gun is good, but the gun should only have a certain range. Also, finally, Sophie asked that the camera be higher up. 

When playtesting the game yesterday with Sophie and Lucy I realised two huge problems, Molly was simply able to run away from the ghosts, 
this is because Molly was really fast and the agents where getting stuck in some of the terrain and were not fast enough to get Molly in general. 
	
	01)	Kill ghost with gun.
	02)	Make ghosts appear at random spawn points, and number of ghosts to appear depends on level. 
	03)	The camera has to be raised on the top down view.
	04)	Change the area of effect that the ghosts have to be alot bigger... also it needs to be made into a trigger as opposed to the "physical" box collider that it has at the moment. 
	05)	Tidy up the map a little, things that are meant to be physical should be physical, the terraced houses etc, and make a perimeter around the map, 
		anything for now, maybe more of the fence actually, that could add to the fact that this is a military zone or something.
	06)	Make Molly slower.
	07)	Molly should have a stamina bar.
	08) Make ghosts faster.
	09)	Ghost on inception, should have random speeds.
	10)	Give the car proper acceleration and weight... proper physics.
	11)	Give Molly propper weight.
	12)	Molly should be able to run using shift, otherwise walk.. 
	13)	Fix that bloody annoying "Do you want to enter" dialogue!

Just thought of the name for the game. "100 Nights Alone". On the morning of day 101 a door will appear on one of the buildings and once you walk in the door you finish the game!

23:04 01/11/2017

Well can you believe that. After all the time that I spent worring about fixing gravity, you know what the solution was? Simply turning up gravity in the project settings. Brilliant. 
It was set of course at -9.81. I have set it to -47! Boom.. and it works a dream

“Sound effects obtained from https://www.zapsplat.com”
http://soundbible.com/about.php